=head1 Deterministic Growths Patch for FE Fates (rev. 4)

This patch removes randomness from player unit level-up stat changes.

The stats gained at each level are computed so that units' total gains in each
stat differ from averages by less than one point.

=head2 Caveats and Technical Details

Stat gains can additionally vary by up to one point per class change.

At some point beyond level 99, all your levels probably wind up being the same
and you'll need to change classes to get different ones. I haven't tested it,
but also I don't think it can conceivably matter.

The level-up calculation is memoryless and based only on current growth rates
and level + internal level. It does not keep track of previous classes, and
cannot distinguish between odd and even promotion level.

Stat increases are computed by taking C<growth rate*adjusted level/100> for the
current and previous level and subtracting their respective integer parts,
where C<growth rate> is usual growth rate modified by class and boon/bane, and
C<adjusted level> is C<displayed level + internal level - 7 + stat index>, i.e.
-7 HP, -6 Str, &c., -0 Res.

Internally, the calculation is done as multiply-by-shift with epicycles. The
result should be errorless up to 24 bits, and you probably wouldn't notice the
small errors that occur beyond 10~12 bit without the epicycles, but please
report any discrepancies you find.

=head2 Building

The patch is provided pre-built for JPN and USA Special Editions. If you have
another edition (or if you want to modify the patch in assembly), you'll need
to build it from source, requiring:

=over 2

=item * armips

=item * A dump of code.bin from your game's exefs

=item * Debug symbols from debug/addr.StackTrace and debug/name.StackTrace in your game's romfs

=back

A Lua script F<armips_symbols.lua> is provided to automatically generate the
file F<autosym.s> in a format suitable for armips to read.
