=head1 Deterministic Growths Patch for FE Fates (take 9)

This patch removes randomness from player unit level-up stat changes.

The stats are gained at least level by accumulating growth rates across prior
levels and rounding, I<with memory> of growths prior in prior classes.

This is a substantial departure from my previous deterministic growths patch's
methodology, probably generally easier for people to reason about, but also
with new and fascinating bugs and limitations.

=head2 Caveats and Technical Details

This patch hijacks the PvP stat handicap fields to store a running total of
unrealized growths. The handicap PvP mode will read these values as something
wild and probably straight up zero half of a units stats.

When a unit levels up, we add that unit's computed growth in each stat to the
running total, then bump the stat up by 1 (and reduce the running total by 100)
until the running total is less than 50. This leaves the running total in the
range -50..49 at rest (read as 206..255,0..49 by the handicap code), and should
be equivalent to conventional closest-integer half-up rounding.

Unlike standard Fates, which rolls levels up to 4 times to avoid empty levels,
this code has no such bad "luck" mitigation, which probably justifies rounding.
Gunter levels are a bit worse, sure, but somehow I doubt that's a dealbreaker.

Characters who rejoin with adjusted bases (e.g. Kaze and Gunter in Conquest)
have their handicaps (and their level-up RNG seed!) reset when the rejoin, so
unrealized pre-BoF growths won't be carried over.

=head3 Why would you want this?

If you read between the lines, this is what people call "average stats", which
people like to bandy about, so now you can actually play with average stats and
complain about how speed-screwed your almost exactly average Silas is.

I write a lot of these little mechanical patches, not all of which are even
good ideas (e.g. L<SoV negative growths|https://gamebanana.com/mods/54580>, or
Fates 2RN Hit). Most of them have never been widely published, but you can find
a few of the more I<interesting> ones in this repo.

=head3 Is this compatible with Gay Fates?

As far as I can tell, yes.

=head2 Installation

The patch is pre-built for JPN and USA Special Editions, and for USA Conquest.
See L<Moonling's guide|https://gamebanana.com/tuts/13215> for more detail.

The only file that needs to be installed is the F<code.ips> file corresponding
to your version of the game; you can probably just copy the appropriate titleid
folders (or just all of them) into F</luma/titles/> or equivalent.

At this time, I am not in a position to service tech support requests except in
the form of $100/hr commissions or offers of full-time employment.
