=head1 0% Growths Patch for FE Fates

This patch removes randomness from player unit level-up stat changes.

Stats are not gained at each level (unless they were guaranteed, anyway).

=head2 Caveats and Technical Details

We patch out a branch in the level-up stat gain routine to always behave as if
we failed the growth roll. There are other places we could patch to roughly the
same effect, but this one is maximally patch-golfed.

Since this patch only modifies the random level-up code, and doesn't need to
touch growth rate data, B<non-random autolevels behave as in vanilla>. This
includes the stats child units and late castle joins get, which are based on
computed average growths.

=head3 Why would you want this?

Masochism, and/or proving that the game is still technically playable even if
you get maximally unlucky. You can't actually get this unlucky, by the way;
there's only a 128-bit per-unit level-up RNG state, it doesn't even get reset
for loads on Lunatic, and the game rolls up to 4x to avoid empty levels, so it
isn't very likely that there's any possible RN string that actually gives any
particular unit 8 empty levels in a row.

=head3 Doesn't this already exist?

Previous 0% growths hacks that I know of work by setting all growth rates to 0.
This does indeed prevent normal gen 1 characters from gaining stats on level,
but notably leaves child units with no autolevel stats, which is wrong and a
huge deal because late-recruit child units get a lot of stats from autolevels.

=head3 Is this compatible with Gay Fates?

As far as I can tell, yes.

=head2 Installation

The patch is pre-built for JPN and USA Special Editions, and for USA Conquest.
See L<Moonling's guide|https://gamebanana.com/tuts/13215> for more detail.

The only file that needs to be installed is the F<code.ips> file corresponding
to your version of the game; you can probably just copy the appropriate titleid
folders (or just all of them) into F</luma/titles/> or equivalent.

At this time, I am not in a position to service tech support requests except in
the form of $100/hr commissions or offers of full-time employment.
